docs: updating generator + documentation for creating new components (#1722)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: README.md

To this end, Spectrum Web Components only targets _modern_, evergreen browsers that fully implement the Custom Elements V1 specification, e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Safari. Polyfills will be avoided as much as possible but documented if necessary.

# Requirements

-   NodeJS >= 14.15.3
-   Typescript
-   Browsers with Custom Elements V1 and Shadow DOM support, e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge (79+)
    -   Or appropriate [polyfills](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs) in older browsers.

# Getting started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components.git
cd spectrum-web-components
yarn
```

The call to `yarn` will install and setup everything you need for developing and running the packages in this library.

Typical development will involve running `yarn storybook`, `yarn test`, and `yarn docs:start` if you're making documentation changes (see below for additional details).

## Building a new component

Creating a new component from the command line can be done by running the following:

```bash
$ yarn new-package
```

> This will scaffold your component's required architecture by prompting you for 2 data points - the desired name for your component and the name of the Spectrum CSS asset you will be extending.

Reviewer: "Component" is a tricky word here. The first string is more directly the "name of the package" or the "name of the directory in which it will live", but maybe that's splitting hairs?

Reviewer: `extended` feels weird... "CSS asset from which you will be building" or "CSS asset you will be implementing"? Words are hard.

Author: ```suggestion
This will scaffold your component's required architecture by prompting you for 2 data points - the desired name for your package and the name of the Spectrum CSS asset from which you will be building.
```

? **SWC package name (i.e. color-area)**

_Note_ that your component name should be provided in kebab case and should relate as closely as possible to the Spectrum core naming.

? **Spectrum CSS package name (i.e. colorarea)**

You can find this information in the [Spectrum CSS GitHub project](https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-css) by finding the component package.json (i.e., `components/accordion/package.json`)

For additional information, please see the [generating components documentation](https://opensource.adobe.com/spectrum-web-components/guides/generating-components) and capturing the value of the package name: `"name": "@spectrum-css/accordion"`. In this example, that name is `accordion`. _Note_ that the project scope `@spectrum-css` is stripped out of the response.

# Storybook

> Testing & reviewing changes can be done using the Storybook instance. Running `yarn storybook` will compile Storybook and spin up a local instance, triggering a browser to open at completion. From there you can make changes to your code and the browser will automatically refresh.

Reviewer: We "run" Storybook Prebuilt specifically so that we don't have to "compile" it every time...

Author: Can you clarify what you mean here?

Reviewer: Possibly just dumb nuance, but if you `npx sb init` and follow the Storybook install process you get a bunch of code that is actually compiled (mostly from source) when you run `yarn storybook`. Because we use `@web/dev-server-storybook` which _runs_ `@web/storybook-prebuilt` the compilation of Storybook code never happens local to this project.

Author: ```suggestion
Testing & reviewing changes can be done using the Storybook instance. Running `yarn storybook` will spin up a local instance of Storybook, triggering the browser to open at completion. From there you can make changes to your code and the browser will automatically refresh.
```

Author: @Westbrook How does this sound?

Reviewer: Great!

yarn docs:start
```

By default, the resulting site will be available at [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080).

In the case that you'd like to serve and test a static build of the documentation from the root directory (`localhost` or otherwise), use:

```bash
yarn docs:build
```

# Advanced development

There are several commands that can be useful in specific scenarios:

-   `yarn build:clear-cache` to remove previously created artifacts of the `tsc build` process.
-   `yarn spectrum-vars` to ensure that theme files are up-to-date.
-   `yarn process-icons` to make sure that the most recent icons are included.
-   `yarn process-spectrum` to process the spectrum CSS style sources into the individual packages.

> -   `yarn build` to make sure the most recent code base is represented in each package's `lib` folders. This happens automatically when the storybook command is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `yarn build` to make sure the available JS has been built from the current TS source.
```

## Linting

The project will be linted on a pre-commit hook, but you can also run the lint suite with `yarn lint`. It uses ESLint to lint the JS / TS files, and StyleLint to lint the CSS files.

### Dependency linting

There are downstream issues that can arise from multiple packages in this mono-repo using dependencies with mismatching version strings. This is particularly an issue for dependencies below `1.0.0` but can be exacerbated in that context and others by more strict settings that can be applied in various package managers. By default, Lerna will bump version numbers of internal dependencies when the various packages are published and the depended version is pointing to the latest release, which can help to mitigate this issue. This can be further mitigated by using `^0.0.0` structured dependency versions, the `^` allowing for the highest amount of upward flexibility in satisfying the dependency. When using these version strings, `yarn lint: versions` which ensure that all instances of those strings for the same dependency match across the repo.

## Testing

> ### Unit Tests

Reviewer: While we're here, it is "Spectrum" to initial caps the way you are, so is this right English?
```suggestion
### Unit tests
```

Unit tests are run with [Web Test Runner](https://modern-web.dev/docs/test-runner/overview/) in Playwright using the Chai, Mocha and Sinon helper libraries. These tests can be executed with:

```
yarn test
```

During development you may wish to use `yarn test:watch` to automatically build and re-run the test suites.

### Screenshot testing

> Note: visual regression is done automatically on pull requests via CircleCI; unless you are making larger changes, it's okay to make use of that directly as opposed to doing visual regression local to your machine.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the close here is worth including.
```suggestion
Note: visual regression is done automatically on pull requests via CircleCI; however, the following outlines how you can run these tests local to your machine.
```

#### Screenshot coverage

> Visual regression testing is done against screens derived from the exports of the `*.stories.js` files in each package. Any stories added to these files will be added to the next run of the regression testing. As you add packages or story files to existing packages, they will automatically be added to the visual regression suite and will requiring updating the cache key (outlined below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual regression testing is done against screens derived from the exports of the `*.stories.js` files in each package. As you add packages or story files to existing packages, they will automatically be added to the visual regression suite and will requiring updating the cache key (outlined below).
```
Feel redundant.
